
To create a finished XZIP for C128:

The XASM-ED.BAT (creates an error listing only) and the XASM-D.BAT (creates
a full listing) files will take the sources BOOT.ASM and XZIP.ASM files and 
create a final program file XZIP.BIN.

This file must be transferred to the C128 as the Xzip interpreter. The game 
should be split at 88064 and transferred .pre to side 1 .pur to side 2. If 
the game has any alternate character sets, those files must be transferred 
to the C128 disk on side 1 as first font and second font (2 set limit).


Info on the 2500AD cross assembler & linker:

The linker has 2 faults, 1) it cannot handle an org of a lesser location 
after code at a higher location (org $4000  lda anything  org $400 oops)
2) it fills in any space between code and a new higher org. 
The C128 sources have been set up to function with separate assemblies to 
handle the first problem and the program SPL.EXE has been written to handle 
the second. SPL.EXE takes a file and splits out the code you tell it to, 
recombining the 2 sections before and after the removed piece. Both the C128 
and Apple XASM-D.BAT files use this file if you need an example of it.
SPL.EXE can be found in the \6502\SPLIT directory.


To translate Dec Rainbow Avocet sources to the 2500AD crossassembler:

Only 3 things differ between the requirements of each and only 2 have to be 
changed. 1) includ must become include
	 2) HIGH must become > and LOW <
	 3) SBTTL should become STTL except that the error created has no 
	    impact on the code results and if you get an error the SBTTL 
	    errors provide an excellent way of finding which source file the
	    errors are in because the 2500AD does not provide that info like
	    the Avocet does.
Also after using the crossassembler the linker must be used and if you have 
any gaps in your code you must use SPL.EXE to remove the $FF's the linker 
forces in to fill in the space to create a continuous file.
