To Build a Classic Game Disk for Commodore 64

Using the TFTP disk on the Commmodore, FORMAT a new disk.
Load "C64" from the TFTP disk.
Take out the TFTP disk and insert the formatted disk, SAVE "STORY" to the
new disk.
LOAD TFTP and RUN it. Place the new disk in drive 8.  TN20 from the 20
both the interpreter and the game file (image is for FOOBLITZKY).

The first use of TFTP requires that the Commodore be kick started - that
means that you must start the transfer, but after about 10 seconds if using
2 lines, 40 seconds if using 1 line, CTRL-Z out of the TN20, RESET and start
it again. There is no need to restart anything on the Commodore, it is still
waiting for you.  Just start the transfer from the 20 again and everything will
go ok this time.  The reason to wait is that sometimes it actually works on the
first try (not often, but sometimes) so you have to make sure it failed.
Also, the first transfer is the only time you need do this, every other file
will transfer immediately as long as you continue to do transfers and do not
reboot the machine or use it for other purposes.

Note: The Commodore screen will go blank during the transfer, the only way to 
make sure the transfer is progressing is to look at the 20 terminal (if you 
have 2 lines), or to look at the drives, if the light comes on periodically 
the transfer is working. After the transfer is through the screen will come
back telling you all is ok and the next available sector on the disk.

If the drive light starts blinking rapidly something is wrong - check that the
disk is not write protected & the drive is closed, otherwise the disk was
not formatted correctly, try again.  Note that the transfer may otherwise
appear to go fine (A's appearing on 20 terminal). The transfer doesn't
recognize disk write problems.

If the transfer fails on the Commodore end or if after starting it you realize
you hit the wrong key, you must reboot the machine and reload in TFTP.



TO TRANSFER WITH ONE LINE you start the TFTP on the Commodore up to the point
where it says hit return and the screen will go blank. Then reset the terminal 
on the 20 to 1200 baud. (type TE SP 1200 and you will get gibberish on the 
screen then reset the terminal speed to 1200 itself). This is easier for the 
first transfer where you must cancel and restart the 20.  Then type TN20, Send,
the filename, and the line is TTY- <esc> (TTY dash) ; the full is 
TTY-SET-SPEED. You will then be asked the speed. Type 1200 <ret> and the 
computer will respond that it will begin sending in 30 seconds. Remove the 
line from the terminal and attach it to the Commodore, hit <ret> on the 
Commodore , wait 40 seconds.  If the drive light is not coming on
detach the line and reattach it to the 20 terminal.  Type CTRL-Z and RESET 
then restart the TN20 and follow through with the same responses. This time
the Commodore drive light should start coming on periodically. If not something
is wrong, check all connections on the Commodore, make sure that the black box
and connecting cable are securely attached.  IF MORE THAN 1 FILE IS BEING 
TRANSFERRED YOU WILL NOT NEED TO START THE TRANSFER TWICE FOR FILES AFTER THE
FIRST HAS BEEN SENT.


COMMODORE EZIP

Building a Commodore 128 disk.  

Use SPLIT on the 20 to split the game at 88064 giving you .PRE and .PUR
files. The game name must have a .ZIP extension, but don't type it in.
(SPLIT filename/88064)

Format the disk using the FORMAT program on the C-128 TFTP disk. The name
on side 1 must be the game name and on side 2 "SIDE 2".

Load "TFTP-EZIP" from the TFTP disk, press E to transfer the interpreter, 
1 to transfer the .PRE file to side 1, then flip the disk and press 2 to
transfer the .PUR file.

Remember: The C-64 has to be kick-started for transfers, just start the 
transfer, wait 10 secs (if using 2 lines, 35 seconds if using 1 line) then
CTRL-Z to abort on the 20 and without restarting on the Commodore, reset the 20
and send the file again. This needs to be done for the 1st transfer only, and 
sometimes that actually works too.
The baud rate is 1200.
Use the C64 in micro room with the RS232 box to make the transfer.



LOWER CASE EZIP (LZIP)

Building a Commodore 64 disk.  

Use NSPLIT on the 20 to split the game at 44800 giving you .PRE and .PUR
files.  (NSPLIT filename/44800)
Format the disk using the FORMAT program on the C-128 TFTP disk. The name
on side 1 must be "Infocom-s1" and on side 2 "Infocom-s2".
Load "LZIP-LOAD" from the TFTP disk, save it to the game disk on side 1 as
"STORY". (LOAD "LZIP-LOAD",8     SAVE "STORY",8)
Load "TFTP" from the TFTP disk, then:
on side 1:
	(L) transfer the Lzip interpreter
	(E) transfer the CBD Ezip interpreter
	(1) transfer the .PRE file
flip the disk to side 2 and:
	(F) transfer the FASTCODE.BIN file 
	(3) transfer the .PUR file (special for this disk so 3 not 2)

Remember: The C-64 has to be kick-started for transfers, just start the 
transfer, wait 10 secs (if using 2 lines, 35 seconds if using 1 line) then
CTRL-Z to abort on the 20 and without restarting on the Commodore, reset the 20
and send the file again. This needs to be done for the 1st transfer only, and 
sometimes that actually works too.
The baud rate is 1200.




